Data Scientist
NEW YORK, NYDATA SCIENCEFULL-TIME
Company Description:
Quartet is a pioneering technology company connecting physical and mental care to improve people’s health and quality of life. We are building a collaborative technology platform that brings together physicians, mental health providers, and insurance companies to effectively improve patient outcomes and drive down healthcare costs. Our data-driven platform identifies high-need patients and facilitates access to personalized care. Backed by $92MM in venture funding from top investors like GV (formerly Google Ventures) and Oak HC/FT, Quartet is headquartered in NYC and is currently operating in several markets across the US -- Pennsylvania, Massachusetts, Louisiana, Washington, Northern California, and New Jersey.

Role Description: 
As a Data Scientist at Quartet, you will work in collaboration with other data scientists, bioinformaticians and platform engineers. In this role, you will build machine learning models and recommendation services to enable our applications to suggest timely and appropriate behavioral health care interventions for patients.

You'll work with datasets that include millions of detailed medical, pharmacy, lab claims, EHR, and application data. You will help with development and validation of new algorithms that enhance our system in terms of scalability, reliability and accuracy. 

The ideal candidate will be an entrepreneurial, motivated data scientist who is well-versed in data analysis and algorithm implementation and eager to learn new things and make an impact on the industry. Health data experience is a plus, but it's not necessary. 
Responsibilities
Work with an interdisciplinary technical team to develop statistical models in Quartet’s platform.
Apply data mining and machine learning techniques to develop better personalization and recommendation for patients’ and doctors’ needs.
Design and develop effective models, features, and algorithms involving multiple datasets - user activity, EHR, ADT, medical claims, pharmacy claims, lab test claims etc.
Derive insights from descriptive analysis that drive a data-informed process for experimenting with new products to improve patient outcomes.
Qualifications
Experience building high quality data products.
4+ years experience as a data scientist, software engineer with predictive modeling, or similar experience of solving real problems with data mining and machine learning techniques.
PhD or Master’s Degree in computer science, machine learning, applied statistics, physics, or a related quantitative discipline. 
Proficiency in building Machine Learning (supervised and unsupervised) models and recommendation systems.
Strong knowledge of mathematical fundamentals: probability theory, linear algebra and statistics.
Ability to execute, starting from problem definition, to a working implementation.
Ability to clearly communicate across disciplines and work collaboratively. 
Proficiency in Python and code versioning systems like git.
Expertise with data science toolkits like scikit-learn and pandas. 
Knowledge of software architectures and tools such as Scala, Hadoop.
Familiarity working in a Linux server-based environment.
Benefits and perks of working at Quartet include:
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Enhanced mental health benefits
Paid membership to One Medical
Pre-tax health, transit and dependent care flexible spending accounts
Fee-free 401(k) program
Unlimited vacation and sick leave, and competitive family leave policy
Amazing office with stocked kitchen, weekly yoga, meditation services and regular company gatherings
Working with some of the most talented and mission-driven minds in the industry!